feat: React docs (#5399)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/next-steps-after-installing.md

## Further reading

> - [Full Next.js tutorial](/tutorials/nextjs-analytics)
> - [PostHog javascript docs](/docs/integrate/client/js)
> - Capture more events by [deploying a reverse proxy to PostHog Cloud](/docs/integrate/proxy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The full documentation on the PostHog JavaScript SDK](/docs/integrate/client/js)
- [How to set up Next.js analytics, feature flags, and more](/tutorials/nextjs-analytics)
```
